feat: add `InvalidTxError` explanation (#12)
polkadot-api/polkadot-api-docs: docs/pages/typed/tx.md

You get the `txHash`; the bunch of `events` that this extrinsic emitted (see [this section]("/typed/events") to see what to do with them); `ok` which simply tells if the extrinsic was successful (i.e. event `System.ExtrinsicSuccess` is found) and the `block` information where the tx is found.

### `InvalidError`

> When a transaction fails on chain (due to, for example, wrong nonce, expired mortality, etc) we provide a strongly typed error. It can be used as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a transaction is deemed as invalid (due to, for example, wrong nonce, expired mortality, not enough balance to pay the fees, etc) we provide a strongly typed error. It can be used as follows:
```

The transaction hasn't failed, an invalid transaction can not fail because it can not be included/executed.
